# C++ API client

Unleashing the power of data consent by establishing trust. The Platform Core Developer API defines a set of capabilities that can be used to request, issue, manage and update data, documents and credentials by organizations. The API can be used to request, manage and update Decentralised Identifiers, Financial Data, Health Data issue Documents, Credentials directly or using OpenID Connect flows, and verify Messages signed with DIDs and much more.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project. By using the [OpenAPI spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.CppRestSdkClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://mydatamyconsent.com/en-us/developers](https://mydatamyconsent.com/en-us/developers)

- API namespace: mydatamyconsent.api
- Model namespace: mydatamyconsent.models

## Installation

### Prerequisites

Install [cpprestsdk](https://github.com/Microsoft/cpprestsdk).

- Windows: `vcpkg install cpprestsdk cpprestsdk:x64-windows boost-uuid boost-uuid:x64-windows`
- Mac: `brew install cpprestsdk`
- Linux: `sudo apt-get install libcpprest-dev`

### Build

```sh
cmake -DCPPREST_ROOT=/usr -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-I/usr/local/opt/openssl/include" -DCMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS="-L/usr/local/opt/openssl/lib"
make
```

### Build on Windows with Visual Studio (VS2017)

- Right click on folder containing source code
- Select 'Open in visual studio'
- Once visual studio opens, CMake should show up in top menu bar.
- Select CMake > Build All.

*Note: If the CMake menu item doesn't show up in Visual Studio, CMake
for Visual Studio must be installed. In this case, open the 'Visual Studio
Installer' application. Select 'modify' Visual Studio 2017. Make sure
'Desktop Development with C++' is installed, and specifically that 'Visual
C++ tools for CMake' is selected in the 'Installation Details' section.

Also be sure to review the CMakeLists.txt file. Edits are likely required.*

## Author

support@mydatamyconsent.com

